# [面试经验] 25 Databricks oa | Software Engineering Intern

`Post ID: 1080842` | `Author: 匿名用户-D3ZBT` | `Published: 2024-8-13 11:00:54`

Source: https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1080842-1-1.html

---

## Post

4题，难度总体来说中等，最后一题有几个test case没过。分享求米，谢谢！1. 很简单，略
2,3,4地里都有出现过， 这里再复制黏贴一下
2. given a list of unix commands (cp, ls, mv, $1, $4), return a list of how many times each are called (note $4 ⇒ $1 ⇒ cp)
3. Imagine a board of size numRows × numColumns with some lasers placed on it. These lasers are placed at coordinates specified in the two-dimensional array laserCoordinates, where laserCoordinates[i] is a two-element array containing coordinates for the center of the ith laser. Lasers with a center in a cell (row, column) destroy everything in the same row (i.e. rows with index row) and the same column (i.e. columns with index column).
Now imagine there is a robot at coordinates (curRow, curColumn). The robot can only move in a straight line, either left, right, up, or down within this board. Your task is to count the‍‍‍‍‌‍‌‌‌‍‍‍‌‍‌‍‌‍‌‌ maximum number of cells that the robot can safely move through (in any direction) before being destroyed by lasers.
Note: You can assume that the initial cell is protected, and lasers cannot destroy the robot there even if they cover this cell in their destruction area.
Note: You are not expected to provide the most optimal solution, but a solution with time complexity not worse than O(numRows · numColumns · laserCoordinates.length) will fit within the execution time limit.
Example
For numRows = 8, numColumns = 8, curRow = 5, curColumn = 3, and laserCoordinates = [[1, 6], [2, 8]], the output should be solution(numRows, numColumns, curRow, curColumn, laserCoordinates) = 3.
Explanation:
Given the 8 × 8 board, there are two lasers with centers at cells (1, 6) and (2, 8). The animation below shows that the longest safe path for the robot is 3.
4. Imagine that there are several lamps placed on a number line, each of which illuminates some segment of the line. Specifically, the lamps are represented in a two-dimensional array lamps, where the ith lamp covers the segment from lamps[i][0] to lamps[i][1], inclusive.
Additionally, you are given a list of control points on this number line, represented by an array points. Your task is to find the number of lamps that illuminate each control point. Specifically, for each control point points[j] in the array, your task is to find the number of lamps lamps[i] which include this point within its covered segment - when points[j] lies inside the segment [lamps[i][0], lamps[i][1]].
As a result, return an array of integers, where ith integer corresponds to the answer for the ith control point.
Example
For lamps = [[1, 7], [5, 11], [7, 9]] and points = [7, 1, 5, 10, 9, 15], the output should be solution(lamps, points) = [3, 1, 2, 1, 2, 0].
