# [面试经验] 打他砖 oa

`Post ID: 1022050` | `Author: 匿名用户-XP3J0` | `Published: 2023-10-16 16:09:51`

Source: https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1022050-1-1.html

---

## Post

以下内容需要积分高于 188 您已经可以浏览
英文写起来比较顺就不特别翻译了
1. Given an array of numbers, find the index of the first element that is less than both of its adjacent elements (the previous one and the next one)
2. Given a panel and a list of codes, where both panel and codes are digit-only strings.
For a code, divide it into two non-empty strings, the first string is used as index and the second one as pattern. (e.g. '1234' -> [(1, '234'), (12, '34'), (123, '4')])
The output should be an array of the matching results regarding to each (index, pattern) pair.
If the panel, starting from index, matches the pattern, append the pattern itself into the array, otherwise append "not found"
e.g. Panel: '12345', Index: 2, Pattern: '345'. the panel matches the (index, pattern) pair and should return '345' in this case
3. Given a MxN matrix, find the coordinates of "local maxima".
A local maxima is defined as a non-zero element in the matrix that has no equal or greater elements in its "region"
Region is defined as follows: imagine a rectangular (which may or may not overlap with the matrix) centered by the element with its side length being the value of the element. Region is defined as that retangular except for the four corners of the rectangle.
4. Given an array of integers and an integer diff, find the start and end index of the longest continuous subarray where the difference between each element and its adjacent elements is less than or equal to diff. Return the smallest indices if multiple subarrays fulfill the condition.
第一次发面经 求加米~~

---

## Replies

**#2 2023-10-17 14:57:02**

攒大米。。。。。
