# [面试经验] Databricks 25 internship OA / 求米

`Post ID: 1080546` | `Author: 匿名用户-TQTN3` | `Published: 2024-8-11 14:05:15`

Source: https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1080546-1-1.html

---

## Post

4道题, 前两个很容易，1道array，1道medium/hard。求米🙏
1) given a list, swap each pair such that they are ascending (pair-wise)
2) given a list of unix commands (cp, ls, mv, $1, $4), return a list of how many times each are called (note $4 ⇒ $1 ⇒ cp)
3Imagine a conversation between two users in a chat app. Given a two-dimensional string array messages representing messages from each user, your task is to render the conversation in a messenger window. Specifically, messages[i] represents the ith message in the conversation in the following format: [<user>, <text>]. Note that messages[i][0] is either "1" or "2" to describe which user sent the message.
To render the messenger window, each message must start on a new line. You are also given two integers width and userWidth, where width represents the width of the entire messenger window, and userWidth represents the maximum number of characters that can be rendered on each line of the conversation. Messages which exceed userWidth should be rendered on multiple lines. Words in the message are not allowed to be split in the middle, and it is guaranteed that no word in the message has length exceeding userWidth.
In the messenger window, messages from user "1" should be aligned to the left, and messages from user "2" should be aligned to the right.
To visualize the messenger window, enclose the conversation into a frame with vertical bars and asterisks. The leftmost and rightmost sides of the frame should have vertical bars (the | character), and the topmost and bottommost lines of the frame should have asterisks - a string of * symbols (with length of width) and 2 + symbols on the edges (aligned with the vertical bars |).
The example below provides more details.
*Note: You are not expected to provide the most optimal solution, but a solution with time complexity not worse than *O(messages.length · messages[0][1].length · width) will fit within the execution time limit.
4）Imagine that there are several lamps placed on a number line, each of which illuminates some segment of the line. Specifically, the lamps are represented in a two-dimensional array lamps, where the ith lamp covers the segment from lamps[i][0] to lamps[i][1], inclusive.
Additionally, you are given a list of control points on this number line, represented by an array points. Your task is to find the number of lamps that illuminate each control point. Specifically, for each control point points[j] in the array, your task is to find the number of lamps lamps[i] which include this point within its covered segment - when points[j] lies inside the segment [lamps[i][0], lamps[i][1]].
As a result, return an array of integers, where ith integer corresponds to the answer for the ith control point.
