# [面试经验] codesignal databricks OA MLE intern - summer 2025

`Post ID: 1092191` | `Author: 匿名用户-XIFAA` | `Published: 2024-10-16 22:28:53`

Source: https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1092191-1-1.html

---

## Post

70分钟4道题，整体不算很难。 Q3是个矩阵，代码有点复杂，Q4需要用二分查找不然有一半的case过不了。
求大米🙏
Q1:You are given an array of integers numbers and an integer pivot.
Your task is to return a new array in which the ith element equals:
•        0 if numbers[i] is zero.
•        1 if numbers[i] and pivot have the same sign (both positive or both negative).
•        -1 if numbers[i] and pivot have different signs.
Note: It is guaranteed that pivot isn't equal to zero. Also note that you are not expected to provide the most optimal solution, but a solution with time complexity not worse than O(numbers.length2) will fit within the execution time limit.
Q2:
Imagine two cities, A and B, connected by direct flights. Flights from A to B take 100 minutes and depart at times specified in a sorted integer array a2b. Flights from B to A also last 100 minutes and leave at times specified in a sorted integer array b2a.
You want to make trips round trips from A to B to A. Find the time in minutes when you will finish the last round trip, assuming that you always take the first available flight.
It is guaranteed that it is possible to complete trips round trips by only using the given flights.
All times are in minutes from the moment of calculation.
Note: You are not expected to provide the most optimal solution, but a solution with time complexity not worse than O(trips × (a2b.length × max(a2b) + b2a.length × max(b2a))) will fit within the execution time limit.
Q3:
Given a 2-dimensional integer array named matrix, your task is to partition the matrix into 4 rectangular sub-matrices (each with at least one non-negative valued cell), while minimizing the difference between the maximal and the minimal average values of the partitions. The average value of a partition is the sum of all the non-negative values divided by the count of the non-negative values, rounded down.
Return the row resRow and column resCol with the minimal difference between the maximal and the minimal average value of the partitions matrix[0..resRow][0..resCol], matrix[0..resRow][resCol+1..cols-1], matrix[resRow+1..rows-1][0..resCol], and matrix[resRow+1..rows-1][resCol+1..cols-1].
Q4:
Given an infinite integer number line, you would like to build some blocks and obstacles on it. Specifically, you have to implement code which supports two types of operations: [1, x] - builds an obstacle at coordinate x along the number line. It is guaranteed that coordinate x does not contain any obstacles when the operation is performed. [2, x, size] - checks whether it's possible to build a block centered on x and extending size - 1 in each direction. For example, for size = 3 and x = 0, it will check -2 through 2 on the number line for obstacles. Produces "1" if it is possible, i.e., if there are no obstacles at the specified coordinates, and produces "0" otherwise. Please note that this operation does not actually build the block, it only checks whether a block can be built. Given an array of operations containing both types of operations above, your task is to return a binary string representing the outputs for all [2, x, size] operations.

---

## Replies

**#2 2024-10-17 01:19:47**

请问楼主哪个组？
